Add docs for the conditional enabled lifecycle attribute (#3380)
opentofu/opentofu: website/docs/language/meta-arguments/enabled.mdx

direct access when the resource is created and properly handles the null state when disabled.

## Basic Syntax

`enabled` is a meta-argument that goes inside a `lifecycle` block. It accepts expressions that turn into boolean values to determine whether the resource or module should be created.

```hcl
variable "create_instance" {
  type    = bool
  default = true
}

resource "aws_instance" "example" {
  # ...
  lifecycle {
    enabled = var.create_instance
  }
}
```

When `enabled` is `true` (or not specified), the resource behaves normally. When `enabled`
is `false`, the resource is not created and evaluates to `null`.

## Accessing Disabled Resources

When a resource might be disabled, it evaluates to `null` and cannot be accessed directly.
You must use conditional expressions to handle this safely:

```hcl
# Using try() - most concise but masks other errors
output "instance_id" {
  value = try(aws_instance.example.id, "not-created")
}

# Using null check - most verbose but clearest intent
output "instance_id" {
  value = aws_instance.example != null ? aws_instance.example.id : "not-created"
}
```

> Attempting to access a disabled resource directly will result in an error during `plan` or `apply`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attempting to directly access a resource configured with `enabled = false` will result in an error during `plan` or `apply`:
```
Just a nitpick. Not necessary for sure, but I consider it more friendly than a "disabled resource" 😅

workaround, which requires array indexing to access single instances, `enabled` allows
direct access when the resource is created and properly handles the null state when disabled.

## Basic Syntax

`enabled` is a meta-argument that goes inside a `lifecycle` block. It accepts expressions that turn into boolean values to determine whether the resource or module should be created.

```hcl
variable "create_instance" {
  type    = bool
  default = true
}

resource "aws_instance" "example" {
  # ...
  lifecycle {
    enabled = var.create_instance
  }
}
```

When `enabled` is `true` (or not specified), the resource behaves normally. When `enabled`
is `false`, the resource is not created and evaluates to `null`.

## Accessing Disabled Resources

When a resource might be disabled, it evaluates to `null` and cannot be accessed directly.
You must use conditional expressions to handle this safely:

```hcl
# Using try() - most concise but masks other errors
output "instance_id" {
  value = try(aws_instance.example.id, "not-created")
}

# Using can() - more explicit about null checking
output "instance_id" {
  value = can(aws_instance.example.id) ? aws_instance.example.id : "not-created"

> }

Reviewer 2: This example is essentially equivalent to the `try` example above... `try` is effectively just a shorthand for a conditional based on `can`, like this one.

I suggest we remove this and focus only on the `try` and `!= null` examples.
